All right.
So in this video I want to talk a bit about tests.
Now we've tested the app and the various scenarios in previous videos in the section of the course.
But there are a few more tests we should run.
It's a good idea to create a test script to make sure that you cover all the possible situations.
Now the script itself doesn't have to be very complicated but it should include the starting condition
as well as the expected outcome for testing that we've got the permissions worked correctly as script
looks something like the following.
So we can say we've got various tests that start to go through just the first one we've got starting
condition not installed.
We've got various actions they can say we can run the app into the right hand side we've got the expected
outcome for that first test.
The expected outcome is the permissions dogs appears when they are not installed.
And so when going through the list is basically.
Quite a few tests there.
And this script at the moment doesn't test allowing access when the EP is first run.
So that should probably also be included.
In addition it doesn't include testing on an Android version prior to IPR 23.
So going to give you a challenge here and the challenge is to add these two Tests to the script then
run them to make sure that everything works.
Now when I say script I'm just talking about a set of scripts that you would write down on a piece of
paper.
So basically just jot down what you think the extra two tests should be here.
And in addition to that there's also another test that we haven't included.
So have a think about that as well.
What that is and add that to the script.
In other words jot that down as well.
So have a think about those tests.
Post the video now and I'll see you when you get back.
Post the video now.
OK.
So welcome back.
So let's talk now about what we missed out in that previous set of scripts.
So firstly the items you can see read that the additional tests.
So you want to make sure that the apps to behave correctly after the user revokes permissions that are
previously being granted.
And obviously that the other tests that you talked about was where the app was not installed at the
top.
We run the app permissions dialog should appear and so on.
Then also the photo script or final test was if the app is not installed running a version of For Android
prototype to are 23 and the very steps they had to make sure that's tested as well.
Senate side could have done that.
So that's actually swing back to into a studio and have a final look at the code before we leave permissions
and get back to databases.
So the first thing that I can help change now that we've removed the right context granted field is
in the uncreate method.
So let's just go up to that say that you now the condition there has an if and else part I'm talking
about is carried here on screen.
But the only thing we're doing is the condition is true now is logging.
Now obviously previously you were using that Takagi to assign the value of true to our right granted
field.
But we've commented that out now it is useful to log the fact that we're requesting permission but it's
not really necessary to look at the permission was already granted.
Now with the requesting permission entry doesn't appear in the lockout.
So consequently we can simplify this bit of code.
So what I'm going to do is comment out the existing code and put a simplified version above that and
probably the quickest way to do that is just to take a copy of that code.
We're going to comment that out when we come down here and post it again.
We're just going to change this rant a little bit.
So first you've got a test for if has read Comtek permission is equal to commission granted but we've
already decided that we don't really want to execute this code so I'm going to delete those two lines
of code as well as the else and then we're going to pop up here.
Two words not equal to and set that to not equal two.
So essentially now we're only going to be logging the fact that we're requesting permission and then
actually going through the process of using the Capet version of request permissions to actually request
permission.
That's obviously simplified that make that a lot easier to maintain the STEPNELL but one the next thing
though is in the on request permissions result method now for them to have a look at that you might
find changes in a previous video that we've done that really the only thing going on here in this function
is that we're logging we're not doing anything else other than logging.
Now this particular Colback function can be very useful and we've used it earlier to decide with the
fighting action button if we didn't have access to the context.
So you still want to use it sometimes.
But here specifically we don't need to use it as you create more complex apps that might have secondary
functionality.
You may well find uses for the on request permission result function and now you do know how to use
it.
If you do actually need that one thing you might want to do in here is perhaps provide a more descriptive
dialog explaining why the app needed a permission that's been denied and explaining what the app won't
be able to do without access.
In other words without that permission being enabled often though we're not really interested in knowing
if permission was granted or not.
You wrote the code to cope with both conditions.
So there's really no point creating the on request permissions result function just for the sake of
it.
So for that reason I'm going to comment out the entire function
luxo.
All right so that's the end of the discussion on the permissions model introduced in Antwoord marshmallow.
And we've covered quite a bit here.
Now hopefully when you read through the documentation or just get back to crime.
So basically this link hopefully when you go through this now it will make a lot more sense.
Now you've seen it in action.
The new system is very flexible at least for the users and doesn't really create a lot of extra work
for us as developers.
Most of the time you probably just copy the code for this app or from the Google documentation and you
slightly modified versions of that.
And if you do want to use something or do something a bit more complex you should have all you need
to be able to do so at least from a permissions point of view.
I haven't covered have a shared dogs yet but we'll be doing that in light of video.
For now though on with databases so far in this section we've looked at databases and so had to perform
basic database operations using the sequel language and the sequel a lot.
We then experimented with content providers and we saw how they used to provide shared access to a data
source.
And we also used cursors to loop through the data from a data source.
So with that done in the next section we're going to create a full app that uses a sequel like database
we can access the data for our content provider.
So I will be seeing how to create and register our own content provider to allow the data to be shared.
So let's see in the video here and move on to the next section and get started.